This is a console based version of the game of war. I collabrated with a friend of mine to create it. The program uses object oriented design to create the overall structure and is divided into several classes that define the functionality of the game. These classes include a Card class that prints the cards that the player draws, as well as compares card face values for greater than or equal to, 
a Deck class that initializes player decks of cards and randomly distributing various cards and their associated suits and face values, and a War class that defines the rules of the game, including what happens when a war condition is reached. 

The game is simple. When you run the program, it will ask for player 1 to hit enter, and then player 2 to hit enter. After, the results will be printed to the screen on who won the deck, the cards that were compared by each player, and how many cards each player has in their deck including the winnings of each player. When a war happens, which is when each player have the same 
card face value, a message will be printed to the screen, and the results will be displayed. The player who doesn't have any cards left will be the loser, and the person who has the most cards at the end is the winner. A message will be printed on which player won the game at the end. 

Overall, this program was a fun exercise. It helped me gain a better understanding of object oriented programming and allowed for me to get a feel for how to collaborate with another person on a project. It started first with the design, thinking of an actual game of war using a real deck of cards and then implementing and designining the program. I hope that you enjoy this fun little game! 
